as soon as you understand that all the
best economists are paid £2 million a
year to shut the up and bet on it what
do you think is going to happen to the
economy wealth of the rich is exploding
at the same time that wealth of the
middle class is collapsing and wealth of
government is collapsing do you not
think these two things are fing
connected we can fix this you know
inequality doesn't just have to go up
forever you know the last time
inequality really significantly
decreased in this country and across
Europe was after the second world war
that happened because people fought and
demanded it if you do not fix inequality
youring kids lives will be sh and it can
get much worse than this right go look
at what average living standards are
like in really unequal countries go to
Mumbai go to South powera go to
Johannesburg you know and if you think
that can't happen in this country you
know reading Charles Dickens